- [Instructor] Okay, let's take a look
at why using Angular to build a full stack
reactive application is a great idea.
First off, let's take a quick step back
and review what exactly reactive programming is.
The reactive paradigm lets you build
asynchronous non-blocking applications
that can scale effectively.
They let you squeeze more performance
out of your existing infrastructure.
Reactive programming works
with asynchronous streams of data.
Now, let's take a look at a reactive stream in action.
A reactive data stream will emit values over time.
In this example, we can see a stream
emitting integer data as time progresses.
A stream can emit an error or a completion signal
after it completes.
Angular is a mature web and mobile framework
that can be used with JavaScript or TypeScript.
It's cross-platform, very performant,
and it's well-supported by its active development team.
Angular has a high degree of adoption
among the development community,
and tooling is very mature as well.
Okay, let's review some of the major benefits
of using the Angular framework.
Angular lets you build responsive, modern web apps
across web and mobile, and allows you
to target multiple viewports.
The Angular command line interface
helps you quickly bootstrap an Angular app
that follows best practices.
It also helps you out with common workflows
such as setting config values
or adding an external library that you need to your project.
The docs are really good too,
and really well-maintained.
The docs are located at angular.io/docs.
The developer community is quite active as well.
We can find a project at github.com/angular/angular.
You can tell how active the project is
because the last commit was a day ago.
Angular is very scalable, with big data sets.
It allows you to work with RxJS
or other reactive frameworks.
This helps you streamline the process
of writing async or callback-based code.
The RxJS library is a JavaScript-specific
implementation of the reactive framework ReactiveX.
One of the core concepts in ReactiveX is an observable.
An observable is a collection of values
that can lazily push a notification
when its internal state changes.
A subject is a specific implementation
of an observable that can multitask
to multiple subscribed observers.
An observer is another core concept in ReactiveX.
It implements an interface that allows it
to consume push notifications in a consistent manner.
Let's take a look at the RxJS observer pattern in action.
We have a subject, which is a flavor
of an observable if you recall,
and then we also have three observers.
The first step is each observer
will subscribe to the subject.
Then, when a event occurs that changes
the internal state of the subject,
this will cause the subject to notify
all the subscribed observers of the change.